It's you bastard who made the deal
Not only against my ancestors' spiritual places
And poisoned my grandfather
I never met him.
What kind of poison are you scared of?
This is your ancestor ranking exploding
It must be because your Lu family ancestors were under Jiuquan
Seeing how stupid you are
Angry like this
I really don't envy the coffin and don't cry
Now kneel down and apologize to the Lu family immediately
Otherwise, this young master will be the first to let you not eat
In front of him
Our nine families have been lenient enough to you.
I didn't expect it.
You actually killed people for your own selfish desires
Zhuoxue, you are a beast
More than animals
It's just a beast
Fortunately, I, Wang Yueru, have been with you for a long time
Shit unicorn wedding home
I can't afford to be punished by your enemy
At least have a share with you
Donate to Gangneung and the most disgusting thing in my life
Ladies and gentlemen, from now on
Let's not give this arrogant thief any chance
Gouged out his eyes
Cut his tongue
Let him kneel before the spiritual throne of our nine ancestors
Sing confession
Come
hands-on